It's nothing good.
They're all imitations now.
Also sold for tens of millions
You're done. You're an adult now.
Hey little brother, come and see
Ouch, little brother, good eyesight.
This pen holder is a good thing.
Little brother, are you going to give it away?
Or collect it yourself?
Give it away hey
Then we can have customized packaging.
Make sure you take it out and have enough face
Really? How much are these two?
500 yuan
What 500 bucks?
Is 5 million
5 million you see your pen holder tread is rough
Obviously a modern imitation
Do you take advantage of me?
How can this be a modern copy?
Look at this foot
This is clearly an old object
Let me tell you something.
That Goldman Sachs antique store two days ago
An earthquake wire box from the Qianlong period
Sold for 50 million
What's more?
This is the red earth oil of the original blue and white glaze.
But look at your underside
Rough so evenly
At first glance, it has been polished by a grinder.
But I don't know the goods.
Boy you can do it